README.md, before:

# ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction
## ML linear regression deploys to Heroku
### A fish weight prediction machine learning model, based on its weight and height to predict how much weight of the fish.
#### Get started

##### Installing
1. Go to Code button > HTTPS > Click copy button as demonstrate in the screenshot  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
2. Open your IDE (i.e. visual studio code, spyder)
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
3.	Create a folder for this project  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
4.	Use visual studio code as example, go to Terminal > New terminal  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
5.	Make sure the path in the terminal is the folder you just created from step 3.  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
If no, open a new visual studio code window, drag and drop the folder you just created from step 3 to that new vs code window.  
6.	Type command in the terminal: git clone <path copied from github> .  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
7.	After downloading all the files in your local path,  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  

type command in the terminal: python Flask_fish.py  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
8.	The terminal will generate a local path, click it and it will open your default browser.  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
9.	You will see a page like below:  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
You are ready for predicting fish weight now!

Commit message:

add credits and how to run prediction

README.md, after:

# ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction
## ML linear regression deploys to Heroku
### A fish weight prediction machine learning model, based on its weight and height to predict how much weight of the fish.
#### Get started

##### Installing
1. Go to Code button > HTTPS > Click copy button as demonstrate in the screenshot  
![copy_github_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture1.png?raw=true)  
2. Open your IDE (i.e. visual studio code, spyder)
![open_IDE](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture2.png?raw=true)  
3.	Create a folder for this project  
![create_a_folder](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture3.png?raw=true)  
4.	Use visual studio code as example, go to Terminal > New terminal  
![vscode_open_terminal](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture4.png?raw=true)  
5.	Make sure the path in the terminal is the folder you just created from step 3.  
![check_path](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture5.png?raw=true)  If no, open a new visual studio code window, drag and drop the folder you just created from step 3 to that new vs code window.  
6.	Type command in the terminal: git clone <path copied from github> .  
![clone_github_file](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture6.png?raw=true)  
7.	After downloading all the files in your local path,  
![terminal_downloaded_success](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture7.png?raw=true)  type command in the terminal: python Flask_fish.py  
![run_python_in_terminal](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture8.png?raw=true)  
8.	The terminal will generate a local path, click it and it will open your default browser.  
![local_path_in_terminal](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture9.png?raw=true)  
9.	You will see a page like below:  
![webpage](https://github.com/Arielcchy/ML-Cloud-fish_weight_prediction/blob/main/readme_pic/Picture10.png?raw=true)  
**You are ready for predicting fish weight now!**  

##### Running prediction
Enter *fish height* and *fish length*, accept integer and float, then click *Predict* button. Bomb! You got the predict weight right away!  

##### Credits  
1.	SATISH GUNJAL, Multiple Linear Regression Fish Weight Prediction, https://www.kaggle.com/code/satishgunjal/multiple-linear-regression-fish-weight-prediction/notebook
2.	Predicting fish species (Linear Regression Model), https://www.klmanalyticshub.com/predicting-type-of-fish-species-linear-regression-model/
3.	Aung Pyae, https://www.kaggle.com/aungpyaeap/fish-market
